Amber Hascall: Hi.
tracy jackson: Connection right now.
Amber Hascall: Can I think
tracy jackson: Okay, can I actually
tracy jackson: My internet is not always that great. So if we if I lose you.
tracy jackson: lose you. Sorry. So I'm not sure.
tracy jackson: I'll try to come back.
tracy jackson: So,
tracy jackson: Before we get started. My name is Tracy Jackson. And before we get started, what are you hoping
tracy jackson: To get out of your time at bright heart.
Amber Hascall: I am hoping to get the box and treatment and then
Amber Hascall: She talks off of it like slowly so that
tracy jackson: Okay.
Amber Hascall: I want to get off.
tracy jackson: Okay. And have you been on Suboxone before
Amber Hascall: Yeah, okay.
tracy jackson: And then, what was your experience with it. The first or the other time.
Amber Hascall: Um, I mean, I liked it I switched from Suboxone I was using methadone and I didn't like that. So I switch to that and I liked Suboxone
tracy jackson: A lot better, a lot. Yeah.
Okay.
tracy jackson: And what was the reasoning for your switch
Amber Hascall: I'm just because I didn't like the way the Methadone I felt, and I kept telling the doctor says I want less than, less than that I wanted to come up and they kept giving me more.
Amber Hascall: And I like woke up in the middle of the night once and I like fell backwards and being my head and it was just
Amber Hascall: Too much. So I switch
tracy jackson: And you were on the Suboxone before you are on methadone. Is that right,
Amber Hascall: No.
tracy jackson: Okay, so you and how did you start, what was the first IP way that he used and when
Amber Hascall: I started I gotten addicted to opiates. When I had my first section. They certainly give me any painkillers. And then I started it turned into, you know, pain pills and then OxyContin and now on. And I've been using heroin off and on for the last 18 years and then
Amber Hascall: I wouldn't use it Suboxone to because my son, my youngest son sad. It's an addict and he's always doing it. So I've been trying to get away from the box and then I get clean, then it comes back, but
Amber Hascall: Every time I come off the soapbox and I also get incredibly depressed. So I don't know, maybe the doctors are right and I should just stay on forever. Either way, he needs to be kit normal
tracy jackson: Okay, so you've been on some form of abuse since your first C section and how long ago was that
Amber Hascall: I'm 18 years and I haven't completed completely I've had years of sobriety in between.
tracy jackson: And tell me how you were able to accomplish sobriety and those years in between.
Amber Hascall: I couldn't wait for my son's that honestly
Amber Hascall: Okay, and then I just it's moving getting into different environment and the Suboxone that's what's really helps me
tracy jackson: Okay. And have you ever had any inpatient treatment for addiction.
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
tracy jackson: And the prostate
tracy jackson: In Nebraska and how long just went
Amber Hascall: Once as an adult and once as a child.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And and as a child with that also for appealing.
Amber Hascall: No, that was for me. I don't know what I was my for I was on math. When I was like 15 my mom was giving it to me and doing it with me.
tracy jackson: Okay, so
Amber Hascall: That's why I was in there.
tracy jackson: Okay. So, your first maybe let's go back to the beginning. So your first experience with with
tracy jackson: Drugs lives. At what age.
tracy jackson: Were alcohol or tobacco or whatever.
Well,
tracy jackson: At em.
Amber Hascall: And what was what was
tracy jackson: Outcome alcohol. Okay. And how much alcohol. Are you currently using.
Amber Hascall: Right now I don't drink that option at all maybe once every couple months it's
tracy jackson: Okay, for alcohol. It's not really your drug of choice.
tracy jackson: Okay, how about the data, things like a fan x or on a pen or value.
Amber Hascall: Um, I get prescribed point five milligrams of collagen. I
Amber Hascall: Told psychiatrists for years, not to give it to me they were trying to me and I finally gave in and I don't really know if that's what I should be doing or not. I want to eventually get off of it, but I am taking point five milligrams looks a lot of time.
tracy jackson: Okay. And are you
tracy jackson: Finding that you have craving to overuse that that medication or that something that you are able to just use as directed.
Amber Hascall: I'm able to use it right, unless I'm
Amber Hascall: If I'm like dope sick then I you know I do what I can. But I use my medicine right when I'm not sick.
tracy jackson: Have you ever had a accidental every day.
Amber Hascall: Yes.
tracy jackson: And how many
tracy jackson: Probably like 2020 and when was your most recent one.
Amber Hascall: Probably like a year and a half ago. Okay.
tracy jackson: And and
tracy jackson: The recovery from that with with nor can
Amber Hascall: It wasn't just with Suboxone yeah that's what my
Amber Hascall: Son sad. I don't know how he does it, but he gets me Suboxone or knock knock on and Bing.
Amber Hascall: And sometimes just putting me in the shower with water works too.
I don't know.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: And you're aware that the combination of the colonizer Pam and the pain pills is is what's really dangerous for that every day. Those two together are about 13 times more likely to cause accidental overdose and neither one of them by themselves.
Amber Hascall: Oh really,
Mm hmm.
tracy jackson: So that's one of the reasons
tracy jackson: That
tracy jackson: That people are a little hesitant to give pain pills and benzodiazepines together because of that risk. Do you have Narconon behind now.
Amber Hascall: No.
tracy jackson: Okay. All right. So you mentioned earlier, going back about you started with alcohol around 12 but you don't really drink that much anymore.
tracy jackson: And then you were using met at 15
Or before
tracy jackson: At 15. And how long did you use math.
Amber Hascall: For about a year and a half.
tracy jackson: Okay, and then nephew since then.
tracy jackson: Okay, how about cooking.
Amber Hascall: I've used off and on.
Amber Hascall: Since I was 15 but I mean I didn't really do very much, maybe collect a couple years. I did a lot, but it's been
Amber Hascall: I don't know, eight, nine years or something.
Amber Hascall: Since I've
tracy jackson: Been a while. Okay.
tracy jackson: And are you liking.
Amber Hascall: IV. Okay.
tracy jackson: And how many, how long have you been using some sort of tobacco product.
tracy jackson: Since I was 12 2012 and
tracy jackson: How many cartridges like baking. How much are you think in a day. Now with me today.
Amber Hascall: Um, I would say, I use I fill it up probably like twice.
tracy jackson: twice in a day.
tracy jackson: And then when you were
tracy jackson: When you were smoking cigarettes. How many packs a day.
Amber Hascall: Like a package a
tracy jackson: pack a day since you were
tracy jackson: 12. Okay. And when did you, when did you switch to a thing.
Amber Hascall: It was about six years ago or something.
Okay.
tracy jackson: And do you use any combustible cigarettes at all now.
Amber Hascall: The actual cigarettes. No. Yes.
And then
tracy jackson: How about caffeine.
Amber Hascall: Yeah I drink a lot of Mountain Dew. I know I need to
Amber Hascall: Drink coffee sometimes
tracy jackson: Okay and and has that been a long standing thing for you. We're good.
Yeah.
tracy jackson: And how about marijuana
Amber Hascall: I've been off and on, without I started 13 but I smoke it. Now, I'm an illegal street so
tracy jackson: Yeah, right.
tracy jackson: Last year, last piece of marijuana was today.
tracy jackson: Yeah okay and the edibles or bait or
Amber Hascall: Just I vapor and um
Amber Hascall: Yeah, just fake Vegas and normal flower smoking. You know, I guess.
tracy jackson: And your
tracy jackson: And your last in your last use of IPs. When was the last
tracy jackson: Time that
Amber Hascall: It's Suboxone considered an opiate or you mean
Amber Hascall: Others one
tracy jackson: Other than
Amber Hascall: It was over a year ago, a little over a year ago since I've been here, California.
Amber Hascall: But there's a lot of other
Amber Hascall: It's anything other than Suboxone I haven't done, but I've. The last time I did Suboxone was
Amber Hascall: Today, I didn't have any and then I found this clinic. I didn't know if you guys were to call me back. So I started at this clinic yesterday morning. This morning, because I don't know if this is going to happen or not, but I would rather keep this and stuff that you know
tracy jackson: I see.
tracy jackson: Okay, so you've already you've already gotten back on your smartphone at this point.
Yeah.
tracy jackson: And in the past year you've been using Suboxone just intermittently getting it from your ex.
Amber Hascall: From my god the spouses. I've been using for the past year was from my doctor in Nebraska.
Amber Hascall: He was giving me way too much and I kept telling him. He's given me to 12 hours a day, and I only took one. So I've had, I've been using that. And I just ran out like a few days ago so
Amber Hascall: I said,
tracy jackson: Okay, so you're already been in discussions about send your last heroin uses a year ago, your last time till uses a year ago, you're just trying to continue to have your Suboxone prescribed at the desk that you know works for you.
tracy jackson: Yeah, yeah. And you're also taking clonazepam half a milligram every day.
tracy jackson: Is that right, okay. What other medications are you taking
Amber Hascall: A level thyroxine. Mm hmm.
tracy jackson: And how much of that.
Amber Hascall: A point eight milligrams
Amber Hascall: All right, and
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
tracy jackson: I started our, uh huh.
tracy jackson: And effects or how much
Amber Hascall: Faster. I'm under 50
tracy jackson: Hundred and 50
tracy jackson: Okay, and that's for depression.
Amber Hascall: And anxiety.
tracy jackson: And anxiety and how do you feel that that medication is working for me.
Amber Hascall: I don't know. I think that was making me crazy. Actually, I don't like it.
tracy jackson: How long have you been on it.
Amber Hascall: I put on a little more than a year.
Amber Hascall: And I did the doctors that I was seeing in Nebraska that we're giving me it's a Xanax
Amber Hascall: The gave me that like a brain testing where they put the things on my head and I just like I thought SSRI don't work on me. So that's why they gave me if I've served, but I don't know, I've never liked the way these feel and I've kind of been losing my mind's like me.
And
Amber Hascall: Yeah, so I guess.
tracy jackson: Are you currently feeling suicidal. No. Have you ever been suicidal in the past.
Yeah, okay.
tracy jackson: And in terms of your anxiety. Are you currently having panic attacks.
Amber Hascall: Sometimes
Amber Hascall: But not not often. I just
Amber Hascall: I'm just very, it's just really bad but attacks.
tracy jackson: And then other than your thyroid medicine. You're a fixer your clonazepam and your Suboxone any other medication.
Amber Hascall: No, just Why take vitamin D.
Amber Hascall: Deficiency but that's okay.
tracy jackson: And this Suboxone you're taking 12 milligrams once a day are you taking
Amber Hascall: Half 12 well I just started yesterday and they gave me a yesterday and then today. I got 12
tracy jackson: Today 1212 is what you're you've been taking
tracy jackson: Yeah. And how many
tracy jackson: How much Suboxone did the last that this clinic give you
Amber Hascall: They don't is one place where you have to go in every day. That's
tracy jackson: Going
Amber Hascall: To ask. Yeah.
All right.
tracy jackson: And any other medical problems. Any problems with your heart, lung, liver, kidneys, that you know of
Amber Hascall: Not good enough.
tracy jackson: Okay. Have you ever been tested for HIV, hepatitis, that kind of thing.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, it's been like a year, I think, but
tracy jackson: Insofar as, you know,
tracy jackson: Nothing, no infectious sort of things like that. Okay.
tracy jackson: And now you've had it and now you've had at least one baby one C section. What other children are pregnancies.
Amber Hascall: I had
Amber Hascall: Three pregnancies and I have two children. Okay.
tracy jackson: And the any other surgery, other than your C section.
Amber Hascall: Um, no.
Okay.
tracy jackson: And have you ever received any treatment for
tracy jackson: You sent or as an outpatient
Amber Hascall: For I'm sorry you cut out
tracy jackson: For I'm sorry for depression, anxiety, any sort of
Amber Hascall: Yeah yeah
Amber Hascall: I'm seeing a counselor.
tracy jackson: Okay. She currently seeing a counselor regularly. Is that the one that gets that gets you the colonnades of Famers had a different provider.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, so one
tracy jackson: Okay. And have you ever had to be hospitalized for any reason, related to your mental health.
Amber Hascall: No, except for I was just last month, but on a
Amber Hascall: Old, even though it was a stupid situation and the doctor. Even so, they shouldn't be here because I said that I don't want to live in this House, so don't want to live here anymore.
Amber Hascall: Because we were moving out. And the guy that we were living with this complete asshole. And so they put me in there because it says I don't they said that I
Amber Hascall: That I'm suicidal because I said I don't want to live, but the doctors like it says you don't want to live here anymore. And he was he was laughing at the fact that I was
tracy jackson: Stupid.
tracy jackson: And what's your, what's your living situation. How are you feeling safe where you are.
tracy jackson: Yeah okay and tell me what your living situation, it's like
Amber Hascall: Um, well, we just moved out of we were staying with my sister's husband because we came out here to California. We supposed to her.
Amber Hascall: And she wouldn't let me because I didn't bring my youngest son. So now we have a two bedroom apartment me my oldest son, but when I got put on that old my son's dad's sister.
Amber Hascall: Put on a temporary custody order. And now, my youngest son is in watch
tracy jackson: Now, if there's a court situation ongoing about a city of your, of your children.
Amber Hascall: My youngest son. Yeah.
tracy jackson: Have a youngest son.
tracy jackson: And in. Do you have any sort of court ordered treatment or testing related to that.
tracy jackson: And anything else about your medical. Do you have any at. Let me see. Do you have any allergies, I guess.
No.
tracy jackson: Okay, anything else about your medical history.
tracy jackson: That you think is important for us to
Amber Hascall: Know, okay.
tracy jackson: And are you currently and doesn't sound like you're currently having any symptoms of withdrawal after your about Sunday.
Night.
tracy jackson: All right. And how about are you having any knowledge of any GI sort of issues. Constipation knowledge of vomiting, anything like that.
tracy jackson: Any, any neurologic kind of things. Do you suffer from pain migraines tremors and he
Amber Hascall: I get paid migraines headaches.
Amber Hascall: A lot
tracy jackson: How this disabling is you're paying for you.
Amber Hascall: I'm
Amber Hascall: Kind of, I guess.
tracy jackson: It. How does this about fan help with
Amber Hascall: This box in the hopes that because everything is it
Amber Hascall: I'm just getting old, or not, but it just
Amber Hascall: If I don't take it. I feel my whole body hurts and I get depressed, sir.
tracy jackson: Okay. And the reason that I'm asking is it my
tracy jackson: Specialty yesterday I was an anesthesiologist, and then I was a kind of
tracy jackson: Trained at Stanford was an interventional, you know, kind of pain doctor to those procedures and writes the big doses of pain medicines, back when we thought that was a good idea to do
tracy jackson: That since become like a yoga instructor and acupuncture to help coach, like all these different things, because obviously the system can hurt people. I mean, you're a classic example. You go into do what the doctor tells you
tracy jackson: Right. And then, you know, now all of a sudden, you know, terrible stigmatizing harmful system in many ways as Jennifer for chronic illness. So
tracy jackson: How this normally works. And we'll go through a little bit more in your history before we do this, that have this typically works at right heart just so you know you won't need to go through the whole induction thing, but we will maybe get some baseline.
tracy jackson: Information from you. Some lab work based on your end drug testing, that kind of thing. They can mail to your house or, you know, if you have lab work that you can access like even from your clinics and Nebraska.
tracy jackson: Within the past year.
Amber Hascall: I just did. I just got my blood drawn a couple days ago from here.
tracy jackson: Yeah, so if you can just get, and what was the name of that clinic.
Amber Hascall: As Celica
tracy jackson: Can you spell that for me.
Amber Hascall: He, he, Li ca
tracy jackson: Ll E ca and is that
Amber Hascall: An assessment and
Amber Hascall: When West Sacramento.
tracy jackson: Sacramento. Okay.
tracy jackson: So we'll see if we can get the lab.
tracy jackson: Okay. Well, for me, or maybe even call them and see if they can add on stuff that we might want that they don't have to stick
tracy jackson: Okay and I'm having today and then
Amber Hascall: Yeah, the other girl already told me about the place. There's one like a couple blocks away but
Amber Hascall: For me to go in, but if you guys didn't just get my blood then
tracy jackson: We'll see yourself going for the
Amber Hascall: For the drug test. So you might as well just get that done anyway.
tracy jackson: I but what normally happens is we start out to kind of
tracy jackson: A week. A week of Suboxone sort of at a time. So you would check in, sort of, with new periodically for a week. If all the drug testing the labs look good. You're feeling that things are stable what we normally do is
tracy jackson: We can extend your prescription for long. Are we still have you check in every week with agree.
tracy jackson: Just to make sure you're staying on track and that kind of thing. Now there's an option if he found that pain so
tracy jackson: I run groups for bright heart for pain so not focusing on the medication part but
tracy jackson: Ways that all the different ways that had been scientifically shown to help pain, but don't require pills don't require money don't require you know like things that you can do from wherever you are.
tracy jackson: Can access online or for free and just different sort of coping skills training and that kind of thing for pain.
tracy jackson: Addiction Recovery. So if you're interested in
tracy jackson: Going in that group. After we make sure you're stable on Suboxone and in the in the system. Normally when you're to the point you're getting monthly prescriptions, which for you shouldn't be too long. Given the fact you've been on a while already
tracy jackson: You can then potentially enter these pain grits if you felt that was helpful. So
tracy jackson: Then again, it's just more sort of tools in your toolbox and you're obviously you're going through a really stressful time right now.
Amber Hascall: With your son.
tracy jackson: Your youngest and all that they may be helpful for you think yeah
tracy jackson: Anytime you suffer from insomnia as well.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, I think that's
Amber Hascall: My OCD.
Amber Hascall: Looks like my mind doesn't stop. So I can so yeah
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
tracy jackson: We work on that kind of thing in the integrate can work on Lexington, the brakes as well.
tracy jackson: How often do you see your counselor month
Amber Hascall: once every two months now.
tracy jackson: Once everything is okay and
tracy jackson: And let's see what else any thing.
tracy jackson: I think that's all that
tracy jackson: Really, I had to ask you any kind of
tracy jackson: Limitation limitations or stresses in your life in terms of access to food and are you on disability or unemployment or
Amber Hascall: I'm I'm on unemployment now because we got laid off. I haven't gotten my check yet or anything now.
Amber Hascall: And getting my taxes but
tracy jackson: Right.
tracy jackson: Now,
tracy jackson: And what what kind of work DD
Amber Hascall: Um, well right now. I'm a stylist, but I am aspiring to be a graphic artist. I'm I have a bachelor's degree in graphic design and then working on my masters online at the Art Institute, so
Okay.
tracy jackson: Yeah, and then tell me, tell me a couple of things that you're that you love to do in your life. A couple of things you're really good at.
Amber Hascall: I like to draw and I like to try star.
Amber Hascall: And martial arts.
Amber Hascall: Spending time with my kids.
tracy jackson: All right, what do you think
Amber Hascall: Alicia and Isaiah.
tracy jackson: Allies and I say, okay,
tracy jackson: And which ones which ones over
tracy jackson: Elijah Okay so allies is the one that's with you right now in Sacramento.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
tracy jackson: A couple other questions, this is just kind of a checklist of things. So just yesterday. Okay. And this is how you're feeling now so I take opioids in to this yesterday, I take a few words in a larger amount or over a longer period than that intended
tracy jackson: No. Okay. I have a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to put down or control my view, would you
Know,
tracy jackson: A great time.
tracy jackson: There's
Amber Hascall: No by answer their question.
tracy jackson: Do you have a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control your radio
Amber Hascall: Or unsuccessful. No.
Amber Hascall: Okay.
tracy jackson: So you have a persistent desire to cut down your iPod that you're currently not you're currently being successful basically
Yeah.
tracy jackson: You have, are you currently having a craving or from desire to use of us. Other than that, fun
No. Okay.
tracy jackson: Experiencing this recurrent if you would use result in a failure for you to be able to fulfill your major role obligations. Okay.
tracy jackson: So these are all things that happened to you in the past but you currently are not having any social consequences occupational consequences.
tracy jackson: physical danger related to your iPod.
Okay.
tracy jackson: Is that, is that a correct statement.
Amber Hascall: Oh, so it's asked for in the past. And what was the question.
tracy jackson: That in the past, a lot of these things were true. But right now, you feel like when you're on your Suboxone you're not having
tracy jackson: Any. Yeah. So, or you're feeling time you're not feeling craving for abuse, you're not
tracy jackson: Spending a lot of your time wondering how to use
Yeah.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, or any of that.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, that's the Boston takes away all the crazy medicine helps me live a normal life.
tracy jackson: All right, and so what we'll do from here it will tell me, do you have any questions for me.
Amber Hascall: Um, I don't think so. Okay.
tracy jackson: What we'll do from here is
tracy jackson: I will have the care coordination team call you back and just confirm that all the that they've got your appropriate pharmacy on you know on file, a way to contact you have them make you an appointment to see me in a week and we'll give you a week of Suboxone and then make you
tracy jackson: Over to to meet a week from there and
tracy jackson: See how you're doing. By that time, you should have gotten the drug screen and any of the other sorts of labs or anything that we needed and we'll sort of revisit how the situation is from there.
tracy jackson: And and then at some point we'll see you again a timer to just one on one, and then we'll talk about
tracy jackson: How to get you in groups and on a more stable regimen. If this is if you prefer to stick with bright heart as opposed to
tracy jackson: As opposed to going back to the clinic daily wherever you are.
Amber Hascall: Yeah, don't do that. But OK.
OK.
Amber Hascall: OK.
tracy jackson: So and so, yeah, it would just, it will require just weekly meetings that first individually and then group for a while and then we'll would it should all be online and we'll go from there. Okay, cool.
tracy jackson: Awesome. The only thing I would tell you, Amber. The only thing I would
tracy jackson: Suggest is it is safer Suboxone and clonazepam together are safer than clonazepam and heroin or client phone as a payment other sorts of things. But wherever you are. You can find our can
tracy jackson: Over the counter.
tracy jackson: And is there anyone in the home with you, other than your son.
Amber Hascall: No.
tracy jackson: And how old is this your oldest
Amber Hascall: He's 18
tracy jackson: He's a team. Okay so worst, worst case scenario, if he had to give you a shot of something he could, but
Amber Hascall: Yeah.
tracy jackson: I would say just, you know, having that in the home. If you're taking buzzes and I mean, ultimately, if there's a way like with the group work if you're able to tie trade off this club as a Pam, that would be safer, but
tracy jackson: Can buy an arc and over the counter at any pharmacy, just to have as an emergency situation or
tracy jackson: Make sure that your son to teach in the house.
tracy jackson: You know if
tracy jackson: Something happened to call 911, I do not think it's the likely possibility because these are stable doses of both of these medications.
Amber Hascall: Then you have
tracy jackson: an overdose. The past year you've been taking them. I just want to make sure that you are aware, so that we have, you know, the plan is to keep you safe. Yeah.
tracy jackson: Okay. All right.
tracy jackson: All right. Okay. Oh, it's nice to meet you, Amber.
Amber Hascall: All right. You too. Thank you so much.
Bye bye.
tracy jackson: Her here's some other things to the dictation. I checked her
tracy jackson: Moderate FUD disorder.
tracy jackson: Toxin
tracy jackson: Still need a lab or you're in drug screen her
tracy jackson: Team how God was 19 to severe anxiety her cures database, should that her last prescription for clonazepam do point five milligrams today was given by her nurse practitioner.
tracy jackson: filled you in W O Li in March, it looks like she's been getting regular prescriptions of that for several months since last April with one provider.
tracy jackson: With no indication of significantly early refills, maybe a day or two.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: I have also reviewed her expert. A SAM and BAM Gore's to the plan for her will be to begin with 12 milligrams of Suboxone
tracy jackson: Key day will give her a week supply will read check in after she's received her infectious disease testing and her drug screen. See how she's doing
tracy jackson: It. She is stable on that probably plan to extend to two week prescriptions and then thereafter. If she continues to be compliant. We will put her in my my penguin.
tracy jackson: And potentially
tracy jackson: The two weeks in an IUD Griffin two weeks in a pain group would be the plan.
tracy jackson: I have advised her to put Narcan and behind for innovation in potential for inadvertent every day.
tracy jackson: Thanks.